Definition and properties of the null reflection (#162)
brevzin/cpp_proposals: 2996_reflection/reflection.md

```
:::

> The default constructor of type `std::meta::info` is defined and accessible. It constructs a _null reflection_ object. A null reflection is equal to any other

Reviewer: Note that the definition of zero-initialization affects value-initialization, which in turn determines what T() means for non-class types.

> Zero-initializing an object of type `std::meta::info` gives it a null reflection value. A null reflection value is equal to any other
> null reflection value and is different from any other reflection that refers to one of the mentioned entities. For example:

Reviewer 2: Let's just clarify that this is also the case for like `std::meta::info x; assert(x == x); assert(x != ^int);` kind of thing. 

And then just format to line break on sentences instead of... somewhere, which makes diffs more awkward to look at in the future. 

```suggestion
Default constructing or value-initializing an object of type `std::meta::info` gives it a null reflection value.
A null reflection value is equal to any other null reflection value and is different from any other reflection that refers to one of the mentioned entities.
For example:
```
